feat(schedule): support cron syntax for schedules (#12801)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

The `schedule` option allows you to define times of week or month for Renovate updates.

> Running Renovate around the clock may seem too "noisy" for some projects and therefore `schedule` is a good way to reduce the noise by reducing the timeframe in which Renovate will operate on your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Renovate around the clock may seem too "noisy" for some projects and therefore `schedule` is a good way to reduce the noise by reducing the time frame in which Renovate will operate on your repository.
```

after 10pm and before 5am every weekday
on friday and saturday
every 3 months on the first day of the month

> * 0 2 * * *

Reviewer 2: Do we mention that minutes must be `*`?

after 10pm and before 5am every weekday
on friday and saturday
every 3 months on the first day of the month
* 0 2 * * *
```

> Note: For Cron schedule, please use \* for minutes, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: For Cron schedule, always use `*` for minutes, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.
```

> Note: For Cron schedule, always use `*` for minutes, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: For Cron schedules, you _must_ use `*` for minutes, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.
```

## schedule

The `schedule` option allows you to define times of week or month for Renovate updates.

> Running Renovate around the clock may seem too "noisy" for some projects and therefore `schedule` is a good way to reduce the noise by reducing the time frame in which Renovate will operate on your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Renovate around the clock can be too "noisy" for some projects.
To reduce the noise you can use the `schedule` config option to limit the time frame in which Renovate will run on your repository.
```

> Renovate supports the standard [Cron syntax](https://crontab.guru/crontab.5.html) and [Later syntax](https://github.com/breejs/later) for defining the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the standard [Cron syntax](https://crontab.guru/crontab.5.html) and [Later syntax](https://github.com/breejs/later) to define your schedule.
```

after 10pm and before 5am every weekday
on friday and saturday
every 3 months on the first day of the month

> * 0 2 * * *

Reviewer: Are you sure the `cron` schedule example is correct? I think we need to drop the last `*` from the example, like this:

```suggestion
* 0 2 * *
```

My suggestion converts to: "At every minute past hour 0 on day-of-month 2." according to crontab guru [^guru].

[^guru]: https://crontab.guru/#*_0_2_*_*

Author: Hi @HonkingGoose oh, sorry, that was a wrong example.

Technical details: We mostly rely on the text parsing of the library [@breejs/later](https://github.com/breejs/later) but only its concepts of "days", "time_before", and "time_after".
Read the parser documentation at [breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text](https://breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text).

> For parsing Cron syntax, we use [@chip-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For parsing Cron syntax, we use [@cheap-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron).
```

There's a typo in the link text.

## schedule

The `schedule` option allows you to define times of week or month for Renovate updates.
Running Renovate around the clock can be too "noisy" for some projects.

> To reduce the noise you can use the `schedule` config option to limit the time frame in which Renovate will run on your repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To reduce the noise you can use the `schedule` config option to limit the time frame in which Renovate will perform actions on your repository.
```

Renovate will always run on the repo, but it may not e.g. create branches

after 10pm and before 5am every weekday
on friday and saturday
every 3 months on the first day of the month
* 0 2 * *
```

> Note: For Cron schedules, you _must_ use `*` for minutes, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: For Cron schedules, you _must_ use the `*` wildcard for the minutes value, as Renovate doesn't support minute granularity.
```

The sentence we have now could probably be improved a bit, would this be better? It might help to explain that `*` is the wildcard property?

I'm not sure what the correct term is for a field/property/value in cron, so feel free to edit this suggestion so it uses the correct term... 😉

Technical details: We mostly rely on the text parsing of the library [@breejs/later](https://github.com/breejs/later) but only its concepts of "days", "time_before", and "time_after".
Read the parser documentation at [breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text](https://breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text).

> For parsing Cron syntax, we use [@cheap-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To parse Cron syntax, Renovate uses [@cheap-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron)
```

Technical details: We mostly rely on the text parsing of the library [@breejs/later](https://github.com/breejs/later) but only its concepts of "days", "time_before", and "time_after".
Read the parser documentation at [breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text](https://breejs.github.io/later/parsers.html#text).

> To parse Cron syntax, Renovate uses [@cheap-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To parse Cron syntax, Renovate uses [@cheap-glitch/mi-cron](https://github.com/cheap-glitch/mi-cron).
```

Whoops! I removed the full stop at the end by accident. Here's a suggestion to add it again... 🙈
